Note CUSTOM_BUTTON must be included in Buttons.GetCapabilities Response (#131)
smartdevicelink/sdl_core_guides: docs/Integrating Your HMI/Developing the HMI UI/index.md

## Implementing Soft Buttons

!!! NOTE

> As of Core 8.0, `OnButtonEvent` and `OnButtonPress` notifications will only be forwarded to mobile if the HMI includes an element with button name `CUSTOM_BUTTON` in it's response to `Buttons.GetCapabilities`.

Reviewer: I would say something more along the lines of:

As of Core 8.0.0 it is important to include CUSTOM_BUTTON in the response to `Buttons.GetCapabilities` to allow an app to subscribe to custom soft buttons.

> As of Core 8.0, `OnButtonEvent` and `OnButtonPress` notifications will only be forwarded to mobile if the HMI includes an element with button name `CUSTOM_BUTTON` in it's response to `Buttons.GetCapabilities`.

Author: ```suggestion
As of Core 8.0.0 it is important to include `CUSTOM_BUTTON` in the response to `Buttons.GetCapabilities` so that an app may subscribe to soft buttons.
```
@JackLivio what do you think of this?
